So here, this is the world class.
It inherits from actor class.
So here I will write expense actor.
And now upon the construction it loads a wall image from the resources part.
So simply I will write private IMG.
Impeach.
And now we need a public constructor here to take in X comma into coordinate.
Under that, we will call this super the parent class of the one which is the actor actors, the parent
class.
So here I will take x, comma, y.
Now we need to create initial word material.
Ritual mainly take the images from their source.
So my initial one here and here I will write.
Image icon icon equal to new image icon.
And here I will give the part i sa c slash resources slash one dot png and next thing I image equal
to I can not get the image here and set the image.
With the I image tag.
And so this is what we have created.
This will be the glacier.
It will inherit from that cloth upon the construction.
It will lose a wall image from the resources here.